hey guys I like to welcome you back
today as i am playing um i'll go well be
my main one plant their state of decay
is lifeline you did say it's just been
released a dear and well I've just don't
us achieving guide and this one is full
rocks and trucks looks on trucks yeah
Brooks on trucks achievement and the
achievement the tale that you have to
transfer six rock socks from a vehicle
but this can really be done by one
vehicle and it's this vehicle it's the
DLC vehicle itself ignore that so yeah
guys that's the only trip you can truly
do it with because it's a military-grade
truck and it holds our loft so I'm just
going to have to drop this back off
hmm beautiful turn their guys know so
for all that you know that's the only
way you can truly get out i'm just going
to go and deliver them off now right
tech times neo I'm going I'm going the
wrong way we've got a live one people go
ahead you're on the air yep I've been
here for a day and a half with no food
no water and no break from the zombies I
need help I'll do anything please right
looks like a call no guys but yeah this
is the achievement guide what if you'd
enjoy the video can you please remember
that light command subscribe leave a
comment intersection if it this video
was actually any help and just are the
moment of truth who did it work yeah
rocks in trucks guy that's been the
achievement guide for the dear hopefully
enjoyed the new except sword or
achieving guide anyways guys I say guys
next hey and won me over videos check
out more videos and I'll see you guys
later I bite